Modify the prerequisites to install Proxy (#1467)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_registering-capsule-to-satellite-server.adoc

.Proxy and Network Prerequisites
* The {ProjectServer} base operating system must be able to resolve the host name of the {SmartProxy} base operating system and vice versa.

> * There should be no proxy configured for the {SmartProxyServer} to connect to the {Project}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure there is no HTTP proxy required for {SmartProxyServer} to connect to {ProjectServer}.
```

Reviewer 2: As I understand it, {ProjectServer} will resolve to "Capsule Server", is this correct? If this is true, then this would still be incorrect. I don't believe there is any part in the documentation that instructs the user to install the Capsule server by making a connection to the Red Hat CDN at any time. All OS updates to include Capsule installation packages come from the Satellite as a client registered to the Satellite. To ensure there are no issues an http proxy cannot be configured between the Satellite and Capsule server.

Reviewer: No. Project Server resolves to Foreman Server, and SmartProxyServer resolves to Smart Proxy Server. See https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-base.adoc and https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/master/guides/common/attributes-satellite.adoc

Reviewer 3: Like @taftsanders, I also disagree with `no HTTP proxy required` because it's not strong enough. HTTP proxies often interfere with HTTPS client certificates so it is advisable (in Satellite's case you could even say unsupported) to have a proxy in place.

Reviewer: Yes, now I see it too: "Ensure" + "required" is a weird combination.

> * Ensure there is no HTTP proxy configured for {SmartProxyServer} to connect to the {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer 3: To summarize the discussion in this PR: it should rather be a requirement to have HTTPS client certificate authentication work from the `{SmartProxyServer}` to `{ProjectServer}`. Often HTTP proxies, including transparent ones mess this up. I'm not sure how best to phrase this, but the current text doesn't fully cover it IMHO.

Author: Addressed.

> * Ensure there is HTTPS client certificate authentication configured for {SmartProxyServer} to connect to the {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer 3: `configured` is wrong since the installer sets up the client certificate authentication. I think it's more like `possible`.

How about something like:

```suggestion
* Ensure HTTPS client certificate authentication is possible between {SmartProxyServer} and {ProjectServer}. HTTP proxies often interfere with this.
```

Author: `Ensure` and `Possible` won't work together in a single sentence. I will prepare a new one.

.Proxy and Network Prerequisites
* The {ProjectServer} base operating system must be able to resolve the host name of the {SmartProxy} base operating system and vice versa.
* Ensure HTTPS client certificate authentication is possible between {SmartProxyServer} and {ProjectServer}.

> HTTP proxies often interfere with this.

Reviewer: This sounds very vague. I'd recommend rewording to "Ensure HTTP proxies do not interfere with ..." or similar.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure that would cover it. Perhaps `HTTPS connection using client certificate authentication` is better than `HTTPS client certificate authentication`? That also implies network connectivity and all.

Author: Addressed @ekohl's suggestion above.

Reviewer 4: I wonder if our wording should be stronger to make it clear we do not support putting a proxy between a Foreman and a Smart Proxy.

Reviewer 4: Might I suggest:

```
HTTP proxies between {SmartProxyServer} and {ProjectServer} are not supported.
```

@ekohl I'd like your opinion on the wording.

Reviewer 3: That sounds good to me.

Author: Thanks @ekohl @ehelms 

I am replacing the second sentence with the above one.
